{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww35640\viewh19140\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs72 \cf0 Weather Forecast\

\fs36 \

\fs28 In this project I follow SOLID principle, I\'92m using observer, adapter, strategy pattern.
\fs36 \
\

\f1\b\fs48 Code folder structure:
\f0\b0 \
\

\fs28 The source code follow clean architecture to develop project. Please follow below code folder to know better:\
\
Root folder\
	- app								
\f2\i module is presentation layer that interact with UI
\f0\i0 \
		- delegate						
\f2\i contain delegate class\
			- main						contain all class or folder relate to main activity\
			- weather					contain all class or folder relate to weather feature\
				- search				contain all class or folder relate to search weather feature
\f0\i0 \
		- di								contain 
\f2\i dependence injection class\
		- 
\f0\i0 extension					
\f2\i contain extension injection\
		- 
\f0\i0 feature
\f2\i  						contain all features in app\
		- util							contain contants or util class
\f0\i0 \
	- data								
\f2\i module is data layer that handle storing and get data
\f0\i0 \
		- converter					
\f2\i contain retrofit converter factory class
\f0\i0 \
	 	- interceptor					
\f2\i contain http interceptor class\
		- 
\f0\i0 mapper						
\f2\i contain mapper class\
		- 
\f0\i0 model						
\f2\i contain data model class\
		- 
\f0\i0 repository					
\f2\i contain repository class\
		- 
\f0\i0 service						
\f2\i contain retrofit 
\f0\i0 service
\f2\i  class\

\f0\i0 	- domain							
\f2\i module is domain layer that contain business logic
\f0\i0 \
		
\f2\i - 
\f0\i0 model						
\f2\i contain business model class\
		- 
\f0\i0 repository					
\f2\i contain repository interface\
		- 
\f0\i0 usecase						
\f2\i contain usecase class\

\fs36 \

\f1\i0\b\fs48 Libraries:
\f0\b0 \
\

\fs28 - Rootbeer: check rooted device\
- Retrofit: http client library\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 - Hilt: \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
dependency injection library\
- Navigation: fragment navigation
\fs36 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 How to run project:
\f0\b0 \
\

\fs28 Open android studio -> select file menu -> select open -> open project folder -> after sync gradle successfully -> click run icon in toolbar\
Note: We cannot run app on simulator because I applied rooted device check for simulator It won\'92t passed this check.\cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Checklist:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs28 1. The application is a simple Android application which is written by Java/Kotlin. 
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0 \
2. The application is able to retrieve the weather information from OpenWeatherMaps API. 
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0 \
3. The application is able to allow user to input the searching term. 
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0 \
4. The application is able to proceed searching with a condition of the search term length must be from 3 characters or above.  
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0 \
5. The application is able to render the searched results as a list of weather items. 
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0 \
6. The application is able to support caching mechanism so as to prevent the app from generating a bunch of API requests. 
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0 \
7. The application is able to manage caching mechanism & lifecycle. 
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0 \
8. The application is able to handle failures. 
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0 \
9. The application is able to support the disability to scale large text for who can't see the text clearly. 
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0 \
10. The application is able to support the disability to read out the text using VoiceOver controls. 
\f1\b \'97> Done
\f0\b0\fs36 \
}